what would you call this thing the first
word that comes to your mind what is it
of course band-aid but what does this
actually say absorbent adhesive dressing
because you know why band-aid was
originally trademarked by Johnson &
Johnson and when it was trademarked
people couldn't just use it you couldn't
just put it on a band-aid that you
produce because it was owned by Johnson
Johnson now Bandit is genericized which
means you can use it but companies still
avoid using it because it's associated
with Johnson Johnson if you want to
learn how other brand names and
trademarks became nouns and where they
come from continue watching this video
a couple days ago on a chilly day like
this I was sitting here in San Francisco
on a balcony walking with Emily and I
realized it's so cold outside and my cup
of tea was already cold so I need to get
a vacuum flask or as I called it back
then two days ago I called it a thermos
and I went on Amazon and I started
looking for a thermos and I realized
there aren't many options and I'm
getting just products made by a company
called thermos and I was like wow and
this is by the way how the idea of this
video came to my mind and I was like wow
is it really a company because I thought
it was a generic term and I started
researching turns out thermos is the
company thermos LLC and they trademark
the word
thermos back in 1904 but then because
people started using it over and over
again
because other companies wanted to use it
because they produce similar goods
it was generalized so it was made to
narak term in the 1960s and Americans
would actually use a term vacuum flask
to talk about this thing that preserves
heat or cold
some of them would use thermos but it's
rare but it's still usable so yeah now
you know how I came up with the idea of
this video and now you know how to call
thermos the other way
okay what's that
how do you call it
let's look at one pencil one is the
but a lot of you guys would call this
trick kuzey which is pretty valid
because the company that produces hot
tubs with jets
called jacuzzi that's not the only
company that does hot tubs so if you're
in the u.s. most of people would use the
word hot tub to describe what's behind
me right now do you know where Jacuzzi
comes from so Italian brothers and
Italians you know how to read the name
that's on the screen right now yet good
thing did I did right but Americans did
everything their own way and they read
yakoo TS jacuzzi and this is where the
word comes from now so Jacuzzi started
producing hot tub for homes for
apartment complexes but yeah here we go
now we call all hot tubs jacuzzis in
various countries like in my country
with a Jacuzzi hot tub what's a jacuzzi
as well popsicle remember Katy Perry's
song California girls or melt your
popsicle do you know where it comes from
it is actually a trademarked name it
actually comes from a Unilever owned
company called popsicle and it
originates back in 1905 when an 11 year
old boy
left a cup of soda with a stick in it
overnight outside his house only to
realize that in the morning he had a
popsicle basically something that is
frozen on a stick
this is how the name was invented by the
company and later acquired by Unilever
so Unilever islands this trademark
realtor oh my god
you would never ever guess that this is
also a brand there's a National
Association of Realtors and they
actually own this trademark in a realtor
if somebody who belongs to this group
if you don't belong to that group you're
a real estate agent you're not a realtor
because realtor is a trademarked name
so instead of saying realtor make sure
that you're complying with all the
regulations and say real estate agent
something interesting is going on right
here
so basically aspirin is a trade name
that was invented by Bayer
this is the original one but if we look
next to it we see aspirin by Walgreens
and you would say marina but you just
mentioned that you cannot use the
trademark if you produce something
similar yes you can't but aspirin is a
trademark owned by Bayer everywhere in
the world but not in the United States
in the United States aspirin is a
generic name so anyone who produces
aspirin can use this name on their
packaging Wow
you realize what's going to happen right
now spam spam it's not your mail folder
it's originally a name of a brand and
this brand is owned by Hormel Foods and
they produce meat canned meat so
basically they started producing it back
in 1940's and as any American company if
they wanted to came up with an ad that
would stick and there was like a British
sketch where people came to her
restaurant and spam was on every menu
item they even added spam to actors
names and in total spam was pronounced
like 140 times in that ad and it really
stuck with people and we will saw spam
everywhere and this is how spam folder
got its name because sometimes you get
spammed by useless emails and yeah but
originally this is a brand name Wow by
the way guys if you enjoy learning
English with me if you enjoy the
approach to English that is attached to
real life that uses real life examples
then I would recommend you to join our
course that is called from intermediate
to advanced in 30 days that means that
in 30 days we're gonna talk about topics
that you need in order to become
advanced in your English and I talked
about this course with pride and joy
because over 10,000 students have
already taken this course and we got a
net promoter score of 93 percent which
means 93% of students would recommend
this course to their friends and I'm so
so proud as a founder of a company that
sells this course as a creator of the
course myself I just love how people
react to it and I love that I can
provide value to you guys we're studying
the next batch really soon the link will
be below you can attend this classes
from anywhere in the world because
they're online you just use your
smartphone use your computer they are
pre-recorded so you can enjoy them in
any timezone at any time of the day that
is convenient for you also after every
class you will have interactive tasks
and you will also have a live stream to
ask all the questions that you have in
mind the link will be below and so that
you don't forget what this video was
about the promo code is jacuzzi
or if you say in Italian yeah could see
for $20 off the next batch the link is
below
please join and I will see during that
course imagine that I want to create a
copy of a document and I just came from
Russia to the US you know what I would
say I would say where can I make a Xerox
I would even say like sterics something
like that because in many countries in
the world instead of saying can I make a
photocopy people say can I make a Xerox
because see rocks is a company that has
originally started to produce printers
and machines that can make photocopies
but in the US the word 0x is not widely
used yes I guess some people would
understand you if you tell them hey
excuse me I'm looking for Xerox but they
would normally say to print something
out to make a photocopy and never to see
your or something because again Xerox is
a company that produces those types of
devices instead of saying that phone a
lot of people say chapstick and
chapstick is actually a brand so the
correct way the noun is lip balm but the
brand is chapstick instead of saying a
marker or a highlighter a lot of
Americans say sharpie but Sharpie is
actually a brand a very popular brand
that's why it's name became a noun in
the English language when I was
preparing for this video I didn't even
know that this item has a completely
different name I thought that post-it is
like a generic name that everybody uses
but I found out that post-it is actually
a friend and this is like a it's called
a sticky note but everybody calls it
posted because of the brand another one
like seriously bubble wrap I wouldn't
even think of another name like bubble
wrap and that's it but this word is
trademark and it was trademarked back in
1960s by a company that produced it and
if you want to be correct you would say
air bubble packaging long and boring but
bubble wrap is trademarked the next two
are super easy
you use them all the time every day
Google to Google something to look for
something sergey brin I adore you you're
amazing Sergey is the co-founder of
Google and another one is Photoshop in a
verb to Photoshop almost replace the
verb to edit because whenever we see a
photo that has been worked on we say oh
my god is so photoshopped instead of
saying oh my god it's edited out or
whatever because we assume that every
photo that is edited is edited in
Photoshop however I use Lightroom for
all my editing but we never say
Lightroom's so Adobe the company owns
Photoshop owns the brand is really
really happy because you know the
Brenden file and this is one of our
goals that with them damn Wingra trip
ideally I want people to say I'm going
on a lingua trip instead of saying I'm
going on a language course somewhere
abroad so yeah this is a goal to make
lngua trip a generic term coca-cola
Americans refer to this drink as Coke
but it's actually Cola because it is
produced from a certain plant it has
certain features so the non trademark
name is Cola but then coca-cola started
producing Cola and this is how billions
of people learned about this drink so a
lot of people instead of calling
anything that is Cola Cola they call it
coke because this is deferred from the
name of a brand Vaseline it's actually a
trademark it's now owned by Unilever but
it was registered by a guy who actually
created this substance from mineral oils
robert Chesbrough actually invented this
thing this is like mineral oil blend he
registered the trademark Vaseline and
later sold it to Unilever and I had
amazed that in many countries like in
the country where I come from there is
no other word for this substance you
wouldn't call it like mineral oil
substance or whatever people call it
Vaseline but because it's a trademark
owned by Unilever if you produce
something similar and name it like
Vaseline lingual Marie or whatever
Unilever can come and sue you
or ask you to pay them dividends because
you're using their trademark and this is
so amazing help friends actually
penetrate our lives so yeah Vaseline is
actually a trademark Kleenex Kleenex is
a brand earned by Kimberly Clark company
and yes it produces tissues and a lot of
people in America instead of saying
could you give me a tissue please they
would say give me a Kleenex cuz whenever
you go in the u.s. like if I'm at my
doctor's office and they have tissues
they will be from Kleenex like again I
adore this brand cuz they're everywhere
and the people started using their
trademark name it's a generic now so
whenever you're asking for tissue you
can say could you give me a Kleenex and
people would understand ping-pong is the
way Americans call table tennis and
ping-pong is actually a trademark name
and I was really surprised cuz when I
came to the u.s. in 2015 we had a
ping-pong table in 500 startups office
and I will say table tennis cuz in the
UK people would say table tennis but in
the US because I used to calling a ping
pong cuz there was a company back in
1901 it has created this game and named
it ping pong and people started using
this term oh and talking about games and
toys yo-yo and frisbee also trademarked
names but we use them as nouns in our
everyday life what would you call this I
would occasionally call it a memory
stick but guess what
memory stick is a trademarked name and
it is owned by Sony you can call it
either USB flash drive but this is a
different thing so this would be a USB
flash drive however this doesn't have a
USB anymore this is like a USB C which
is a new version of us be used by
MacBook Pros and other other things in
the market and you can call it a memory
card but if you call it memory stick
then it is owned by Sony because Sony
has invented this format and they
trademarked the name escalator is a
trademark owned by Otis the companies
that produces elevators and yes a lot of
escalators but because escalier is a
trademark the
wait you can call it as moving staircase
or moving stairway by the way guys have
I forgot to mention some friend that is
used as a noun in your country please
comment down below and let me know it
would be really exciting to learn about
what's going on in your country that
wasn't for me guys thank you so much for
watching this video up to the very end
if you enjoyed this content don't forget
to hit the like button if you're not yet
subscribed to this channel the red
button is below I'm producing a lot of
videos where I teach you English in a
fun way and I teach you random facts
about the English language that I admire
as well and if you're a non English
native speaker and you want to improve
your language I'm looking for it to
seeing you in my next batch of
intermediate to advanced online course
where I'm gonna teach you English in a
fun way the link will be below and I
will see you really soon in the next
videos bye